Add Form Action Tag Helper docs (#11192)
aspnet/Docs: aspnetcore/mvc/views/working-with-forms.md

description: Describes the built-in Tag Helpers used with Forms.
ms.author: riande
ms.custom: mvc
ms.date: 2/27/2019
uid: mvc/views/working-with-forms
---

> # Tag Helpers in forms in ASP.NET Core

Reviewer: Suggest adding "Nicholas T. Mullen" to the author list just below.

 </form>
 ```

## The Form Action Tag Helper

The Form Action Tag Helper enables you to control where a form submits its data. It binds to [\<input>](https://www.w3.org/wiki/HTML/Elements/input) elements of type `image` and [\<button>](https://www.w3.org/wiki/HTML/Elements/button) elements. The Form Action Tag Helper enables the usage of several [AnchorTagHelper](xref:mvc/views/tag-helpers/builtin-th/anchor-tag-helper) `asp-` attributes to control what `formaction` link is generated for the corresponding element.

Supported [AnchorTagHelper](xref:mvc/views/tag-helpers/builtin-th/anchor-tag-helper) attributes to control the value of `formaction`:

|Attribute|Description|
|---|---|
|[asp-controller](xref:mvc/views/tag-helpers/builtin-th/anchor-tag-helper#asp-controller)|The name of the controller.|
|[asp-action](xref:mvc/views/tag-helpers/builtin-th/anchor-tag-helper#asp-action)|The name of the action method.|
|[asp-area](xref:mvc/views/tag-helpers/builtin-th/anchor-tag-helper#asp-area)|The name of the area.|
|[asp-page](xref:mvc/views/tag-helpers/builtin-th/anchor-tag-helper#asp-page)|The name of the Razor page.|

> |[asp-page-handler](xref:mvc/views/tag-helpers/builtin-th/anchor-tag-helper#asp-page-handler)|The Razor page handler.|

Reviewer: Suggest `The name of the Razor page handler.` for consistency

|[asp-route](xref:mvc/views/tag-helpers/builtin-th/anchor-tag-helper#asp-route)|The name of the route|

> |[asp-route-{value}](xref:mvc/views/tag-helpers/builtin-th/anchor-tag-helper#asp-route-value)|A single URL route value i.e. `asp-route-id="1234"`|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|[asp-route-{value}](xref:mvc/views/tag-helpers/builtin-th/anchor-tag-helper#asp-route-value)|A single URL route value. For example, `asp-route-id="1234"`.|
```

|[asp-all-route-data](xref:mvc/views/tag-helpers/builtin-th/anchor-tag-helper#asp-all-route-data)|All route values|
|[asp-fragment](xref:mvc/views/tag-helpers/builtin-th/anchor-tag-helper#asp-fragment)|The URL fragment|

### Submit to controller example

> The following example would submit the form to the `HomeController`s `Index` action if either the input or button were clicked.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following example submits the form to the `Index` action of `HomeController` if either the input or button were clicked:
```

```cshtml
<form method="post">
    <button asp-controller="Home" asp-action="Index">Click Me</button>
    <input type="image" src="..." alt="Or Click Me" asp-controller="Home" asp-action="Index" />
</form>
```

> HTML Generation:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following HTML is generated:
```

```html
<form method="post">
    <button formaction="/Home">Click Me</button>
    <input type="image" src="..." alt="Or Click Me" formaction="/Home" />
</form>
```

### Submit to page example

> The following example would submit the form to the `About` Razor Page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following example submits the form to the `About` Razor Page:
```

```cshtml
<form method="post">
    <button asp-page="About">Click Me</button>
    <input type="image" src="..." alt="Or Click Me" asp-page="About" />
</form>
```

> HTML Generation:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following HTML is generated:
```

```html
<form method="post">
    <button formaction="/About">Click Me</button>
    <input type="image" src="..." alt="Or Click Me" formaction="/About" />
</form>
```

### Submit to route example

The following example would submit the form to the `/Home/Test` endpoint.

> ```C#

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```csharp
```

public class HomeController : Controller
{
    [Route("/Home/Test", Name = "Custom")]
    public string Test()
    {
        return "This is the test page";
    }
}
```

```cshtml
<form method="post">
    <button asp-route="Custom">Click Me</button>
    <input type="image" src="..." alt="Or Click Me" asp-route="Custom" />
</form>
```

> HTML Generation:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following HTML is generated:
```
